take pictures yesterday I thought she
was supposed to stick narrator when you
first lit it Church the good know I'm
gonna get a little hot but don't worry
about it it'll burn my hand before I get
you here are you recording me yeah why
I'm afraid that's why I got it tilts
herself over this way
tilt your head back yes I can go your
head backer so that you can get I can
watch your eyelash
I don't I feel like it
oh yeah you'll start to see a smile
coming
this is going chase book
I'm scared he's been called ahead my
hands are first alright
I see the smoke coming out hmm she's
smokin careful
skinny hollows like I've raised it with
my ear into my lungs
is that possible they can't feel me
better that's a finest area
hmmm I gotta do it a second time and I'm
not scared me at the end of the
cosplayers no I told you my hair was
there first remember thought what did I
get out of AC shit on you alright I
guess we can try having a lay down it's
probably safer